hello this is iPod Hunter here and today
I will be showing you how to save a
photo off the internet and save it to
your iPod Touch or iPhone first thing to
do is get iPod touch hold on let me turn
it on okay get your iPod touch go to the
home screen now load up Safari browser
and go to Google well Google is my home
page but if it's not just go to Google
tap images and type in anything you want
for instance I'll do baseball okay so
here's a list of all the pictures you
can have to save now when you find any
picture you want click on it full-size
image and here's how it works
hold your finger on for at least 5
seconds then this should pop up then
there's save image copy and cancel we're
going to push save image okay now that
that is done go back to your home page
go to photos go to save photos and then
click your picture here it is that's how
you save a photo now this is how you set
a photo as your wallpaper go to the
photo you want to set as your wallpaper
there's going to be a little button on
the bottom left hand side you want to
click that and this will pop up there's
email photo assigned to contact and use
this wallpaper push the users wallpaper
push set wallpaper and there you go now
you can go to home screen
and look there it is